Fiends And Fortune
==================
_Fiends And Fortune_ is a personal playground for turning old school paper
and pencil role playing game rules into code.

I was an avid role player and game master in high school and college,
spending hours with friends enjoying Dungeons & Dragons, Tunnels & Trolls, 
Traveller, RuneQuest and many others.  Aspects of these games screamed out to
be automated, which I tried to do for various games at various times in 
numerous languages, including line-oriented BASIC, Pascal, dBase, Excel 
macros, C++, Visual BASIC, Java, Python, Scala, Objective-C -- you get the
picture.  I'm sure there's a half-learned language or half-finished project
I'm forgetting here.

The progression of half-baked attempts to encode various rule systems closely 
tracks my development as a programmer.  I found this type of project to be a
great way to really learn a new language; the complexity and ambiguity
inherent in game rules designed for humans is a good example of the types of
real world problems you have to tackle as a programmer.  Unfortunately most
of these RPG projects were abandoned part-way through.  They provided a good
learning experience, then inevitably my interests moved on.

One day last year I was feeling under the weather; I was awake and alert
enough to want to program but too mentally and physically run down to be able
to concentrate on "work".  I didn't have the energy to try building something
in a new language, but was craving that feeling you get when you're deep in
code, creating.  I decided to automate some of the old treasure generation
tables from one of the old fantasy games I spent countless hours playing.
There's enough complexity in those rules to keep me entertained, but it's a
fairly straightforward program.  I chose to do this in C, since it's remained
one of my favorite languages over all these years.

I've continued to work on this on and off over the last year.  It's a
personal playground, so it's not in any sense usable or finished, but I have
continued to add to it from time to time.

